KOGITO-7571 Updated getting started guide to not generate example code (#64)
kiegroup/kogito-docs: serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/getting-started/create-your-first-workflow-service.adoc

mvn io.quarkus.platform:quarkus-maven-plugin:{quarkus_version}:create \
    -DprojectGroupId=org.kie.kogito.examples \
    -DprojectArtifactId=serverless-workflow-hello-world \
    -Dextensions="kogito-quarkus-serverless-workflow,quarkus-container-image-jib,quarkus-resteasy-jackson,quarkus-smallrye-openapi" \
    -DnoCode
cd serverless-workflow-hello-world
----

> In the previous command, `org.kie.kogito.examples`, `serverless-workflow-hello-world`, and `1.0` is group id, artifact id, and version of your project respectively. `-DnoCode` prevents workflow example code from being generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the previous command, `org.kie.kogito.examples`, `serverless-workflow-hello-world`, and `1.0` is group id, artifact id, and version of your project respectively.  `-DnoCode` prevents the generation of workflow example code.
```
